Add docs for <meta> media attribute (#36692)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/meta/index.md

    See [standard metadata names](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name) for details about the set of standard metadata names defined in the HTML specification.

> - `media`

Reviewer: let's move this to above `name`, as attribute lists are in alphabetical order on MDN.

Author: done

>   - : The `media` attribute says which media the metadata applies to. The value must be a valid [media query list](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Media_query). Unless the `name` is [theme-color](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name/theme-color), the `media` attribute has no effect on the processing model and must not be used by authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `media` attribute defines which media the theme color defined in the `content` attribute should be applied to. Its value is a [media query](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_media_queries/Using_media_queries), which defaults to `all` if the attribute is missing. This attribute is only relevant when the element's [`name`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name) attribute is set to [`theme-color`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name/theme-color). Otherwise, it has no effect, and should not be included.
```
The language in the specification is generally geared toward browser developers. On MDN, we interpret the spec content to make it more digestible and understandable to devs. Language like "no effect on the processing model and must not be used by authors" is really useful in the spec, but not so much for our readers.
